docs: Updates troubleshoot guide to show how to extract `ErrorInfo` from `RpcException`. (#9560)
googleapis/google-cloud-dotnet: docs/devsite-help/troubleshooting.md

This information is now in the [protocol buffers guide](protobuf.md#repeated-fields-and-maps); this section has been
retained for the sake of existing links.

## How can I get ErrorInfo from RpcException?

`ErrorInfo` in `RpcException` provides a consistent and human readable error details.
It contains three major fields - reason, domain and metadata described as below:

- `Reason`: the proximate cause of the error. This is a stable unique identifier for this
   type of error within the domain, and can be used to programmatically determine
   how to handle the error.
- `Domain`: the logical grouping to which the error belongs. The error domain
   is typically the registered service name of the tool or product that
   generates the error. Example: "pubsub.googleapis.com". If the error 
   is generated by some common infrastructure, the error domain will be 
   a globally unique value that identifies the infrastructure. 
   For Google API infrastructure, the error domain is "googleapis.com".
- `Metadata`: additional structured details about the error.

```csharp

> using Google.Api.Gax.Grpc;

Reviewer: This example still has unconventional indentation - it looks like it's three spaces for the first indent, and two for the second.

Author: Reformatted the indentation.

try
{
   // Code that can throw the RpcException.
}
catch (RpcException ex)
{
   if (ex.GetErrorInfo() is ErrorInfo errorInfo)
   {
      var domain = errorInfo.Domain;
      var reason = errorInfo.Reason;
	  var metadata = errorInfo.Metadata;
      // Use the domain, reason and metadata of ErrorInfo, e.g. for logging or taking remedial action.
   }
   else
   {

>       // Use RpcException's other properties like status and message to handle the received exception
>       // as per the application logic demands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      // Use RpcException's other properties (e.g. Status and Message) to handle the exception appropriately
```

This information is now in the [protocol buffers guide](protobuf.md#repeated-fields-and-maps); this section has been
retained for the sake of existing links.

## How can I get ErrorInfo from RpcException?

`ErrorInfo` in `RpcException` provides a consistent and human readable error details.
It contains three major fields - reason, domain and metadata described as below:

> - `Reason` - It is a constant value and indicates the proximate cause of 
> the error. Error reasons are unique within a particular domain of errors.
> 
> - `Domain` - It is the logical grouping to which the error belongs. It is 
> typically the registered service name of the tool or product that 
> generates the error. Example: "pubsub.googleapis.com". If the error 
> is generated by some common infrastructure, the error domain must be 
> a globally unique value that identifies the infrastructure. 
> For Google API infrastructure, the error domain is "googleapis.com".
> 
> - `Metadata`- It is the additional structured details about the error. 
> It can help in identifying the exact cause of the error.

Reviewer: You need to specify the way in which this is constant. (I understand this text is taken from error_details.proto, but we can clarify here.)

I'd also avoid the "It is" wording here and below. Here's a potential rewriting:

```suggestion
- `Reason`: the proximate cause of the error. This is a stable unique identifier for this
   type of error within the domain, and can be used to programmatically determine
   how to handle the error.
- `Domain`: the logical grouping to which the error belongs. The error domain
   is typically the registered service name of the tool or product that
   generates the error. Example: "pubsub.googleapis.com". If the error 
   is generated by some common infrastructure, the error domain will be 
   a globally unique value that identifies the infrastructure. 
For Google API infrastructure, the error domain is "googleapis.com".
- `Metadata`: additional structured details about the error.
```

Author: Incorporated changes.

```csharp
using Google.Api.Gax.Grpc;
try
{

>   // Code that can throw the RpcException.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Code that can throw the RpcException.
```

}

> catch (RpcException  ex)

Reviewer 2: nit: multiple space before ex

Reviewer 3: yep. Should be just one whitespace.

{

>    var errorInfo = ex.GetErrorInfo();   
>    var domain = errorInfo.Domain;
>    var reason = errorInfo.Reason;
>    var metadata = errorInfo.Metadata;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    if (ex.GetErrorInfo() is ErrorInfo errorInfo)
    {
        var domain = errorInfo.Domain;
        var reason = errorInfo.Reason;
        var metadata = errorInfo.Metadata;
        // ...
    }
```

(It's entirely possible for `ex.GetErrorInfo()` to return null.

Reviewer: We may want to have a comment about what the user can still do if there isn't an ErrorInfo, mind you. (They still have the status and the message.)

Author: Sure.

>    // Use the domain, reason and metadata of ErrorInfo, e.g. for logging or taking remedial action.

Reviewer 3: What remedial action?
Only reason I say this is that without concrete examples, this may paint an incomplete picture and the reader may end up being curious about it with no link or reference to the additional information. I 'll let Jon decide on it so please don't make any changes for now.

Reviewer: That's really application-specific and API-specific. I think it's fine to leave the comment as is (within the suggestion above).

}
```

> ### How can I get RpcException from SpannerException?

Reviewer 3: Given the changes have been pushed recently and not released yet, we *may* want to release those changes and then say that "starting version 4.X.X or higher", so that users of existing versions of library understand they need to upgrade and this doesn't create confusion.

Author: Make sense. So should we wait for its release before merging this PR ?

Reviewer: Yes, or split the PR into two: one just for RpcException and one for SpannerException.
Alternatively, given that this is completely Spanner-specific, we could move it into the Spanner docs - and merge that now, so that it'll be published in the next Spanner release. I think that would be better.

Author: Sure. I'll remove SpannerException section from troubleshoot.md and include it in Spanner docs in a separate PR once the help page with RpcException usage is published.

The `RpcException` property of `SpannerException` returns the underlying
`RpcException` which caused the `SpannerException`. The returned 

> value may be null if the `SpannerException` was not caused by `RpcException`.

Reviewer 3: Maybe 
```suggestion
value may be null if the `SpannerException` was not caused by an `RpcException`.
```

`RpcException` property of `SpannerException` can be used like:

```csharp
using Google.Api.Gax.Grpc;
try
{

>   // Code using Spanner 

Reviewer 3: nit: `.` at the end of comment.

}
catch (SpannerException ex)
{
   var rpcException = ex.RpcException;   

>    if(rpcException != null)

Reviewer 3: missing space between `if` and `(`
```suggestion
   if (rpcException != null)
```

Reviewer 3: Also, I see in https://github.com/googleapis/google-cloud-dotnet/pull/9484#pullrequestreview-1234636109 that Jon mentions that
```
I would definitely suggest changing this to be focused on RpcException. We can have one example showing that in
detail. We can have one example showing that in detail... then a subsection for SpannerException, with a brief
example using the pattern match (and maybe having another catch clause for SpannerException when there isn't an
inner RpcException?) that refers to the earlier example.
```
so note on `SpannerException`  should be a subsection of the above `RpcException` section instead of a new section (I may be wrong, but wanted to check and be sure)
